Bluetooth: Mesh: Fix sysbuild configuration for mesh samples (#14181)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/bt/bt_mesh/configuring.rst

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_OBSERVER` - Enables the Bluetooth Observer role.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_PERIPHERAL` - Enables the Bluetooth Peripheral role.

> When the Bluetooth controller is located on a separate image (like in :ref:`zephyr:nrf5340dk_nrf5340` and :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340`), the following configuration must be applied to the Bluetooth controller configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Bluetooth LE Controller is located on a separate image (like on the :ref:`zephyr:nrf5340dk_nrf5340` and :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340` boards), the following configuration must be applied to the Bluetooth LE Controller configuration:
```
